Add release notes for Java 3.40.0 release (#160)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

## 3.40.0 - March 18, 2021

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.40.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Known issues

> - Updating individual fields (in contrast to updating the entire object) of nested complex properties is not reflected correctly in the actual **PATCH** request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Current implementation of the **PATCH** request for OData does not reflect correctly individual fields of an object in contrast to updating the entire object. We're working to providing a fix in upcoming releases.
```

### Compatibility Notes

- The general availability of the OpenAPI generator brings the following renamings:
  - The following dependencies in the Maven Group ID `com.sap.cloud.sdk.datamodel` have been renamed:
    - Rename dependency `rest-core` to `openapi-core`
    - Rename dependency `rest-generator` to `openapi-generator`
    - Rename dependency `rest-generator-maven-plugin` to `openapi-generator-maven-plugin`
  - The Maven Plugin has been renamed from `rest-generator-maven-plugin` to `openapi-generator-maven-plugin`

### New Functionality

- The OData V4 VDM generator now generates static fields for accessible properties on `VdmComplex` types, which can be used exactly like their counterparts on `VdmEntity` when building OData queries.

> - Enable clearing the cache for remote functions with the new experimental APIs `RemoteFunctionCache.clearCache(Destination)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can clear the cache for remote functions with the new experimental APIs `RemoteFunctionCache.clearCache(Destination)`
```
